Add documentation for the new met_eireann integration (#14347)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/met_eireann.markdown

---
title: Met Éireann
description: Instructions on how to integrate Met Éireann with Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Weather
ha_release: 2021.5
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@DylanGore'
ha_domain: met_eireann
---

> The `met_eireann` platform uses the [Met Éireann](https://met.ie) (The Irish Meteorological Service) Public Weather Forecast API to provide current and forecasted weather data for a given location. This integratopn is in no way affiliated with or endoresed by Met Éireann.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Met Éireann integration uses the [Met Éireann](https://met.ie) (The Irish Meteorological Service) Public Weather Forecast API to provide current and forecasted weather data for a given location. This integration is in no way affiliated with or endorsed by Met Éireann.
```

<div class="note">

The Met Éireann API will only provide data for Ireland, the UK and a small part of northern France. For specific coverage, please see the Notes on API document available [here](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/met-eireann-weather-forecast-api/resource/027da6d5-d819-48d1-9b16-331dba169bd1).

</div>

## Configuration

> To add a Met Éireann weather source, go to __Configuration >> Integrations__ in the UI and create a new Met Éireann entry. You can specify a custom latitude, longitude and elevation if required, if not speciefied the Home Assistant defaults will be used.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add a Met Éireann weather source, go to **Configuration** -> **Integrations** in the UI and create a new Met Éireann entry. You can specify a custom latitude, longitude and elevation if required, if not speciefied the Home Assistant defaults will be used.
```

> ## Configuration
> 
> To add a Met Éireann weather source, go to **Configuration** -> **Integrations** in the UI and create a new Met Éireann entry. You can specify a custom latitude, longitude and elevation if required, if not speciefied the Home Assistant defaults will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}
```

## Data License

> The data provied by Met Éireann is licensed under the Met Éireann Open Data Custom License (similar to a Creative Commons CC BY 4.0 licence). A license summary and the full license are available [here](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/met-eireann-weather-forecast-api/resource/027da6d5-d819-48d1-9b16-331dba169bd1). In short, if you distribute, broadcast or make Met Éireann data available on the public internet you must give credit to Met Éireann and display their weather warnings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data provided by Met Éireann is licensed under the Met Éireann Open Data Custom License (similar to a Creative Commons CC BY 4.0 license). A license summary and the full license are available [here](https://data.gov.ie/dataset/met-eireann-weather-forecast-api/resource/027da6d5-d819-48d1-9b16-331dba169bd1). In short, if you distribute, broadcast or make Met Éireann data available on the public internet you must give credit to Met Éireann and display their weather warnings.
```
